Update reference docs (#1357)
tinacms/tinacms.org: content/docs/reference/templates.md

---
title: Templates
id: templates
last_edited: '2022-06-15T15:51:56.737Z'
next: /docs/reference/types
prev: /docs/reference/fields
---

<!-- # next: /docs/reference/schema -->

> Although in most use cases just using [`fields`](/docs/reference/fields/) is enough, templates can be used when there is multiple variants of documents of the same collection or object. For example in a "page" collection there might be a need for a marketing page template and a content page template, both under the collection "page". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, just using [`fields`](/docs/reference/fields/) is enough, however templates can be used when there are multiple variants of the same collection or object. For example in a "page" collection there might be a need for a marketing page template and a content page template, both under the collection "page". 
```
